I didn't expect Lin Xiaoxiao to be so vicious
Ogawa is still so small
That's what you did to my son
It's a horse beast
Dr. Li Zhelin
Lin Xiaoxiao ran away
Where did you run to?
Get it back to me now
Li Xiaochun is his biological son
How could he be so vicious?
What does he want?
Mr. Li has sent someone to search the whole process
But Lin Xiaoxiao seems to have disappeared out of thin air
I have a way too
Why is Ogawa's life so miserable?
Assistant Gao, are you sure that Ogawa is dead?
The young master died unexpectedly
Can't find it dead
Miss Lin, where did you go just now?
Mr. Li is looking for you everywhere
What are you looking for me for?
Looking for you to go back and get married?
The little young master has left, and the family is not in chaos. Heir
Mr. Li wants you to go back and get married and have an heir
Why don't you hurry up?
The baron must be in a hurry
Master, hurry up, hurry up!
I should have killed that bastard Ogawa sooner
Hmph Lin Xinyue
I'm about to become the mistress of Li's house